hapter 176: Actual Combat with Mechanical Suit
Translator: Atlas Studios, Editor: Atlas Studios (Fan Editor: Catosc)


"The beasts are killing each other."

The two smiled.

The beasts killed for half an hour, corpses lay everywhere. And the lion was the last alive. It's fur was blood red, and it growled at the other beasts. They backed away, and left.

The herd was gone, but the strongest still clawed at the hole. The opening widened, Yang Dian, and Ned had nowhere to hide.

Their hearts sank. Ned bit his lips, and said, "Your wounds... Be the bait, and I'll leave alive."

Yang Dian looked down. "I won't be able to run. Take care of my family for me..."

"I will. I'll take care of your child, and your wife."

They looked at each other, and at his wounds. Then they gave a bitter smile.

"If we're going to die...we'll die together."

Yang Dian stood up, leaning against the stone wall, and said, "We'll use everything we have."

Ned nodded. White light came from his hands as he stood.

Outside, blue light shot along the night sky, and hit the lion's eye. Blood splat across it's face, and a gunshot resounded.

It roared, and sprinted off.

Yang Dian, and Ned were stunned. "Our savior!"

500 meters off, Han Xiao lay prone, blue light surging along Ghost's circuits.

In the sniper scope, the lion rushed toward him. It's eye squirted blood, and half it's face was splattered in blood.

Flaming Will triggered 2.2x damage, together with [Overload], vital attack, and sneak attack damage. An astonishing 1,800! This was the highest damage Han Xiao had dealt in a single shot.

However, it was still alive, and well. Han Xiao looked at the interface, and as he expected, the white lion was it. The Beast King. It's display name was Mutant, White Lion King, at LV 56. It had specialty abilities, it's health was a horrifying 18,000.

_____________________

Mutant White Lion King
Level: 56
Health: 15,724/18,700
Status: -50% Field of View, Moderate Bleeding
Attributes: 135 STR, 126 DEX, 240 END, 30 INT, 22 MYS, 31 CHA, 24 LUK
_____________________

It's attributes were high, and it had many special abilities, including [Crazed Rage], enhancing movement speed, attack speed, and damage, in relation to health decreases. Extremely dangerous.

This BOSS was supposed to be fought as a team. However, with his mech, the risk wasn't too high.

Han Xiao jumped backwards, firing. Despite wearing Viper, he avoided close-range combat. Mixing combat strategies was the right way to go. By using a sniper, and mech, he had an advantage in both close, and ranged combat. The scanner analyzed the terrain, and jumped backwards automatically, giving his full attention to firing.

After kiting, Han Xiao's emptied all his clips, and the Lion King was within 100 meters.

Han Xiao stopped, and dashed forward.

"Combat Mode!" Han Xiao yelled.

Electricity flew through the cables. The Bonfire Reaction Furnace shone bright red, and his muscle fibers pulsed.

Han Xiao clenched his fist. He felt the mech's power just waiting to be let out.

Yang Dian, and Ned watched as Han Xiao faced the Lion King head-on.

"Don't fight it close range!" They shouted.

This mysterious person was there to save them, he was their hope, but he might end up the same as Yan Dian.

Such a small human, yet he chose to face this enormous beast! A pebble to a stone!

They clashed, the result was certain in their minds. They wanted to shut their eyes, and not see what was coming to that man.

But the man didn't suffer much at all, rather the white lion was growling in pain. The Lion King was knocked back, and the ground under Han Xiao was crushed. He was on par!

Han Xiao's mech was light, he only held still by the strength put into the mech's legs. Han Xiao leaped, and swung his leg into the side of the lion's head. It struck, and a ripple shot the air.

The white lion's skull bent. It flew, and smashed into a tree.

"Oh my god!"

Yang Dian, and Ned were completed stunned.

Their sizes couldn't be compared, but that lion lost to him in strength!

Yang Dian's throat felt dry. It was too impactful. He fought other Pugilists stronger than him, and none came close to the Lion King's strength. Yet, he was stronger than that!

"What mech is that? It's unfamiliar," Yang Dian said.

Ned stared at the battle, not sparing a glance. "Could it be the results of top-secret research by a country?"

In Combat Mode, Viper gave +78 STR, and +45 DEX, boosting them higher than the white lion. Even more horrifying was his [Overload] further enhanced Viper's attributes!

Han Xiao noticed Yang Dian, and Ned, but didn't bother with them. He didn't know who they were.

He fought the Mutant, White Lion King close-range. Each punche, and kick dealt large damage. Energy flew through the suit, because of the Mini Bonfire Reaction Furnace, and the armor protected him from attacks.

Only that, though, was a waste of the mech. Han Xiao switched on Heating Gloves, and Sun Worm, and left burn marks across it's body.

The battle shook the ground and the duo could feel it in awe. Although, it's attacks increased in strength, and speed over time, Han Xiao still had the upper-hand. He avoid most attacks, and for those that hit, his armor was too strong.

The duo wished to help, but they realized that not only were they unable, they'd be a burden. However, they wouldn't run, leaving their savior behind, so they stood aside to watch.

Curiosity, and amazement of filled them. They hadn't heard of any countries with such strong mechs.

Aquamarine's progress in mech research always lacked. Rumor had it that only the country, Theseus, had exoskeleton mech prototypes, but they were too bulky, and didn't improve physical abilities.

In intergalactic civilations, small mechs were standard for soldiers, reducing the gap between Humans, and Superhumans. The Viper was ahead of its time, even for version 1.0. In fact, no mech was created by version 1.0, and definitely not owned by a player.
