Chapter 179: The Research Institution
Translator: Atlas Studios, Editor: Atlas Studios (Fan Editor+Professional Man: Catosc)

Yang Dian, and Ned were frustrated. It was Louis Research Institution that gave the rescue mission. After Han Xiao left, they searched far, and they found them in the valley where they lost contact.

However, bone spurs pierced their flesh, and they lost their minds, attacking anything in sight. They were far gone.

The leader of the team held a tiny part of his sanity, and handed the duo a suitcase. Supposedly, it contained an important material for a cure to the Death Virus.

The duo had no choice. They were attacked by a herds of beasts, they protected the suitcase with all they had, and escaped with it undamaged.

Yang Dian, and Ned sat their exhausted bodies on the plane, and came to Kaylos feeling horrible. They couldn't save them, and were soon to be blamed, as they didn't live up to the trust they were given.

"Mr. Kate, we failed the mission..." Ned said.

"Are they all dead?"

"Sorry, they were infected. We couldn't do anything." Yang Dian couldn't look in Kate's grief-stricken eyes.

"It's not your fault."

Kate took off his spectacles, and rubbed his eyes. This didn't make them feel any better. Ned took out the suitcase. "Their leader asked us to deliver this. It's important material, it can help a cure!"

Kate took it. "Sigh, I wish they made it back. This was their accomplishment, and we'll never forget it. If we can make a cure, we will name it after them."

Yang Dian sighed. "They're heroes. Failing to save them is a regret I'll have for life."

"Don't feel guilty. Their hard work was paid off, because you guys helped. You've done what you can, and you shouldn't blame yourselves for that. We'll take care of your wounds without charge," Kate said.

"You can't. I don't want to trouble you any further." The more hospitality shown, the sorrier they felt. They rejected it, and walked out of the place.

Kate pushed up his spectacles as he watched them leave. He walked over to Han Xiao with a smile. "Greetings, what's your business with the Research Institute?"

Han Xiao returned the smile, and opened his suitcase.

"A Death Virus infected heart from a very strong beast."

Kate's eyes sparkled, and his smile widened, "Please, follow me."

Kate led him into an elevator, and they went up to the thirteenth floor. The doors opened, and they walked a long, white corridor. The walls were covered in windows, and inside were labs. Some were occupied, some had machines, and materials. Up ahead, a few researchers were chatting.

This floor was for experiments. As they walked, Kate said, "The Death Virus is very important research. We ran into many obstacles, and met our limits, because we didn't have enough live samples. This heart is very important; we'll make a drug out of it right away, and give dose to you once completed. Or if you want other rewards..."

"No need, I want the drug." Han Xiao pointed at the suitcase in Kate's hands. "You already have material, don't you?"

"This? Hehe...well, this is important, too." Kate didn't explain further.

They stopped outside a large, biological lab. "Please wait outside. Unauthorized personnel are not allowed in."

Han Xiao gave the suitcase, and Kate walked in with both suitcases, saying something to the supervisor. He opened them on the table, and in the duo's was an egg. Han Xiao was unsure what creature it was from.

Kate, and the supervisor whispered, but Han Xiao's LV 55 senses couldn't be stopped.

"What happened to them. Are they all dead?", the supervisor asked.

"Yes," Kate replied, "They couldn't save them."

"At least, they brought it. Never mind their deaths, with this heart, we can make the drug very soon. What did the heroes say exactly?"

"They couldn't live up to our trust. Hehe, those heroes are much cheaper than mercenaries. Given a 'virtuous' reason, we might have free labor. Already saved me much money."

"No one knows, right?"

"Of course not, they're all stupid. A few lies, and they were touched. They almost cried. These 'heroes' are the easiest to convince, because a little compliment will make them all emotional. They were on some 'honorable' quest, but I couldn't hold my laughter.”

"Don't offend them. Build trust with them."

"Don't worry, they had a good impression. If there are any dangerous missions, they're easy to find. They won't reject it as long as we give them some 'virtuous' reason."

Han Xiao waited, a stoic expression.

Kate wrapped it up, and came outside with a smile. "One day until the drug's finished. If you don't mind, we can provide a room for you, and the drug will be given as soon as it's done."

"Okay."

They took the elevator to the residential floor, and Han Xiao opened the door to his guest room. Kate mentioned a few areas prohibited for entry, and said he had something to do.

Han Xiao found two cameras in the room. He took out his laptop, and hacked the system, taking control of the cameras in his room, and looped the video.

He then hacked into their database to peek at their projects.

[Elementary Coding] was at it's highest level, so his hacking could get through most firewalls on Aquamarine, except for the Six Nations', Germinals', the core of the Dark Net, and a few others. A small research institute couldn't stop him. With ease, he didn't trigger an alarm, and erased his traces afterwards.

He opened the master projects file, and names popped up on screen.

"Green Lizard Potion, Wild Bull Steroid, Thunder Claw Extraction, Stone Plaque Pathogen."

Many drugs players could receive. After some time, he found the Death Virus project. He clicked on [Death Virus Enhancement Agent]. In it's description, it was an experiment to enhance one's physical abilities...the research institution wasn't doing any research on the cure.

Han Xiao typed on the keyboard. He had planted a virus.
