Chapter 185: But Not Having a Title Is More Torturous
Translator: Atlas Studios, Editor: Atlas Studios (Fan Editor+Gamer: Catosc)

It was gloomy in the Western Continent. It rained out the shaky train windows, and after a few days, Han Xiao arrived at the capital of Maple, Maple Leaf.

Maple's population density was low, houses were cheap, and their average size was large; even the middle class could afford a villa. The civilians had a high average income. The government would chase the beggars, and poor to other cities yearly, and Maple Leaf was peaceful, and comfortable. Trees lined the roads' centers, and lawns were dark green.

Han Xiao was smuggled in, and followed the map to a villa. It was a safe house the Dark Net bought, and the contacts were waiting inside.

It was three storeys, and the door was gray-glazed wood with exquisite carvings. Han Xiao knocked the door knocker to their secret code, and the door opened. An old, female butler with more wrinkles than an expired orange invited him in.

After entering, the old long-term resident contact, closed the door behind. "They are waiting in the basement."

Han Xiao nodded. He went behind the staircase, and opened the hidden door in a cabinet. He walked down, and it wasn't as dark as he imagined; it was bright. Surrounded by metal walls, equipment, and firearms lay about. And in the corner, there was a lathe, and material case.

Han Xiao changed his face to Black Phantom, as he saw the two contacts sat at the meeting table in the center. They both turned to him.

Golden Fox, and a young man.

"Black Phantom?", she said.

Han Xiao's eyes brightened. He laughed. and said, "Oh, it's you. You've become prettier."

Golden Fox was frightened. She covered her face, and said in her head: Stop, I beg you!

The other contact in his twenties. His code name was 'Ghost Blade,' and he was a scorpion, the lowest rank, and a new member. He stared at Han Xiao with doubt.

Ghost Blade trained in Raylen, but he escaped before graduation. Naturally, he felt a superior to these underground killers. He joined the Blood Pact Society around the time Han Xiao did, but Han Xiao was already a legend compared to him. He wasn't really convinced.

Han Xiao didn't have much experience, but he became the ace of Blood Pact Society. There was a group of proud contracters who were unconvinced, most of which versed in other things before becoming a killer. There'd always be those in doubt until they saw it themselves.

"I've heard about you. They say you're a legend, but it seems you're nothing special," Ghost Blade said.

Han Xiao glanced at Ghost Blade, but couldn't be bothered.

Golden Fox cut in. "Ahem! We have five targets: Harry Reymen, Sennin Miller, Billy Angus, Dick Van Vancity, Dorasi Farami. All government officials who opposed the plan. Guards follow them 24/7."

Ghost Blade snorted, and laid out a map on the table. "This is the terrain map of the target's villa. The guard, and patrol routes are marked."

The data was very detailed. Ghost Blade's ability to collect intelligence was a textbook example following the booklet of Raylen. He collected every detail there was, and with the secret knowledge he held, Golden Fox didn't need to help with data gathering. Amateurs were on a different level.

Ghost Blade glanced at Han Xiao. He was confident such detailed intel would surprise him...but Han Xiao kept a straight face.

Ghost Blade frowned, "This is your action plan. You see the red lines, and marks? These are the action routes, and as long as you follow my plan, and don't make any mistakes, you will succeed. You understand what I wrote? These are special symbols used by agents, so if you don't understand, I can help."

"No need, I'll look myself." Han Xiao read the intel thoroughly, then asked, "What's the mission?"

"Place the docs in the targets' homes, somewhere obvious ensuring they see. Inside, there's some evidence...and they won't like it. As long as we put these in the house without anyone noticing, they will know they aren't safe," Golden Fox said.

"What will you guys do?"

"I'm responsible for intelligence, so carrying it out is your mission as an ace. Don't think about seeking my help," Ghost Blade snorted.

Golden Fox gave Ghost Blade a stare, then said, "If you need back up, I can help."

"There's no need." Han Xiao waved his hand. "It looks pretty easy, so I'll do it alone."

"It is very easy following my plan." Ghost Blade nodded. He left out some intelligence in the data. It wouldn't affect the mission, but it would give him some challenge. He wanted to test out this 'Black Phantom,' and although he was the ace of the organization, he'd still be cold towards him if he can't do this.

Han Xiao looked at the papers, and shook his head. "This plan is too complicated. I'll do it my way."

Ghost Blade replied, "This was the fruit of my careful research of all the intelligence, and you can come up with a plan better than mine in a few minutes?"

"This mission isn't challenging at all," Han Xiao said.

Quit messing around! Ghost Blade snorted with anger, and walked out of the room. Why wouldn't Black Phantom just follow his plan? He was a professional, and his plan was perfect; Black Phantom had no idea of what he was doing.

He'll slip up if he doesn't follow my plan, Ghost Blade thought. He sat back down. Not following his plan was basically screwing around, so Black Phantom had better meant what he said.

Han Xiao looked at his watch. "I'll act tonight. You guys just wait."

The two contacts weren't involved in the field, and Han Xiao didn't need support. It was Han Xiao acting alone.

"He's only just arrived, and he's already going. How impulsive." Ghost Blade shook his head. This mission was going to fail.

Not listening to professionals always resulted in failure.

...

Night arrived, and clouds covered the moon. Han Xiao changed into a black outfit, and locked his stuff in the safehouse. He reset the password, and brought along the necessary equipment.

The streets were quiet. Wind shook the trees' leaves, and a natural fragrance came from the gardens. There were a few people on the street, but most were patrolling police.

Han Xiao walked along quiet streets, and arrived at the political neighbourhood. Patrols grew in number, so he hid in an alley, and waited for them to pass.

About ten minutes passed, and a patrol walked toward the alley.

"B3248, Clear," he put the walkie talkie by his waist. He looked into the dark alley.

Arms grabbed, and dragged him into darkness. His yelling only lasted a second.

Han Xiao changed into a police uniform, and his face was the policeman's.
