Chapter 184: It's More Torturous to Think of a Title Than to Write a Chapter
Translator: Atlas Studios, Editor: Atlas Studios (Fan Editor+Professional Watcher-of-Successful-People: Catosc)

The talent wasn't a Molding ability, but it made Han Xiao tankier.

He recalled Hila had a passive heal, too. But Extraordinary Physique gave 300 HP on top of it.

As a Mechanic, is it good to be this tanky? Han Xiao didn't know whether to laugh, or cry. This forced him to fight head-on, and he felt, if he continued like this, his style would shatter.

I just wanna be a Mechanic. Close combat is for savages!

He wished to find an attack talent, or creation talent, but those Molding abilities were too rare. The most common were defensive, and enhancement!

Mechanics needed talents that matched their weapons. He hoped to get the [Lethal Shot] talent, because although not a Molding ability, it had good effects. But the requirement was to deal high damage to targets at the same, or higher level than his, 50 times. It was at 40, but enemies at his level were hard to find, so he had to spend time to do so.

As for the temp enhancements, he planned to put them in the mech's rapid injection module, and sell the rest.

Among the drugs, though, one was incomplete, and only had a single syringe.

_____________________

Unknown Drug: Semi-finished product, unknown effects.

_____________________

It looked like water. Han Xiao held an inkling this thing wasn't so simple, but he wouldn't make himself a test subject.

Louis Research Institute will complete the research in the future, and I can 'acqueisce' it whenever.

To create drugs, and learn potions, you had to be the class, [Pharmacist]. Han Xiao wasn't interested in making potions, or wasting class slots, and potions, and drugs were different from machines. Potions demanded material ratios, and specific processes, a tiny mistake would cause failure, whereas machines were a channeling process.

In the afternoon, Han Xiao snuck out of Kaylos. There was another threatening mission in Maple, Bennett wanted him to scare some government officials in the capital. Reconnaissance were already on standby in Maple Leaf.

The capital was called Karimochi, meaning the 'City of Maple Leaf.'

...

The banks behind the Louis Institute issued a bounty on the Dark Net. The target was 'Heisenberg,' and it was the face Han Xiao used, and a video of him running out of the building in a mech.

Germinal soon received this info.

"There's no one like that in our organization."

The leader was startled. This 'Heisenberg' was a fake, and used Germinal as a cover. It wasn't to frame them, because framing Germinal was unnecessary.

Everyone took Germinal lightly now that they retreated, like a tiger without it's fangs. Who was this Heisenberg?

The leader focused on the mech. It had tech more advanced than what Germinal was working on. Even the Super Soldier project didn't have this level of practicality.

If we can find this mech, our combat ability will skyrocket. Which organization invented this? If it was our enemy...

The leader ordered, "Inform our intelligence network to pay attention to this mech user. I want to know his every move."

However, this was the only time Han Xiao was recorded using the mech. The intelligence agents were unable to gather any info.

The organization definitely had strong backing.

The leader felt he discovered the tip of an iceberg of a hidden organization, but they didn't have any leads.

He calmed himself, and asked, "How many Inhumans have been captured?"

The assistant took out the archives. "We have captured 2,103 Inhumans. In the beginning, they were gathered at a few fixed points, but they actively escaped capture, and spread across the region. Our mission has hit an obstacle, because more are escaping as time goes on."

"Cyberlos has a new theory from the experiments. Even if they aren't brainwashed, they will accept most requests, and they have very strong will. They don't have much common sense, their dialect is off, and they seem to have a communication network, as some Inhumans know each other. We are still investigating, but we have yet to get results. As Cyberlos put it, these Inhumans are like time travelers from the past."

"What is the stance of the Six Nations?", the leader asked.

"Our intelligence network shows the Six Nations sending people for contact. Different nations had different attitudes."

The leader nodded. He went silent for a second, then said, "They've halted war preparations, but it won't last forever. Agents from every country are already in Andrea, find them, and put them under surveillance. I have a feeling these Inhumans will be the key to our victory in this war."

...

A luxurious villa reflected one sunglasses. Secret service agents wearing civilian clothes patrolled the area. An old man who looked like a beggar pushed up his sunglasses, and fidgeted with what was in his ear.

"Duplex, four-floor villa. The manor door opens from the inside. Two secret service teams patrolling the outside, one inside, a total of eighteen agents. Every morning, he leaves at 8 am sharp in a bulletproof car. Two teams follow, and he has lunch at the restaurant in the government building.

Hannes whispered. "He lives in Maple's political neighbourhood. Patrolling police, and sentries pack the street. You'd better be quick about it."

A woman, Vernina, talked through the headset. "This reminds me of the old days."

"I must be mad," Hannes said. "Damn it, Garian, why'd you have to get me into this? Why didn't you ask Bennett? He's still on the front lines, but you had to ask this old man. Couldn't you let me enjoy a few retirement years?"

"Humph, you owe me a favor, and I don't like Bennett. He sent three bullets through me 33 years ago." Another voice popped in the headset. Garian's voice was like a cannon, "Anyway, stop complaining like a woman. Has doing nothing, and gardening softened you?"

"Gentlemen, did you forget there was a woman here?", Vernina said.

"I'm sixty, and you're one year older than me. It's not normal to think about fighting, and killing all day at your age." Hannes was shocked.

"Humph, I haven't hit seventy, so I'm not old yet." Garian complained in the earpiece for a bit, then went to business. "In nine, a patrol will come around the corner. Stay hidden."

Hannes leaned forward, and his aura cloaked itself. A patrol came around the corner, and saw Hannes.

He yelled, "Identification check!"

Hannes took out his fake ID, the officer glanced at it, and returned it, "No loitering. Move along."

Hannes walked like an old man around a corner, then ran. He whispered, "There are too many patrols, and sentries. It'd be best to kidnap him at night."

"Come back first. We'll discuss the plan then," Garian said.
