Chapter 182: Shaken
Translator: Atlas Studios, Editor: Atlas Studios (Fan Editor+Professional Professional: Catosc)

A phone call from Kate popped up on Yan Dian's phone. "Mr. Kate, are you looking for us?"

"A thiefr's taken our products, including the cure. We can't just make another one, so we need you guys to get it!”

Ned stopped what he was doing. "We'll help."

"You're our only hope. The enemy is in a black mech, I'm sending the coordinates now!”

Black mech?

"Could it be him?"

...

Running around in a mech was too flashy. As soon as Han Xiao left, he went to the rooftops. That way, if someone saw him, it'd be just one person for a second. He searched for a hiding place to take off the mech, and change his face.

So many drugs, enough to drink like water. Han Xiao laughed.

He jumped into an alley. Two vitats popped up on his radar, and the database found a match.

They're chasing me? Han Xiao knew they were being toyed with by them again.

A notice popped up on the interface.

_____________________

You have triggered mission [Trial of a Hero]

Mission Introduction: Heroes of justice are never in short supply, but many lose sight of their goals. Some become depraved, some become what they swore to fight, some are used, and lied to. Justice is a tough path, and you will be their trial towards true heroicism.

Mission Requirements: Defeat Yang Dian, and Ned, and expose Louis Research Institute.

Rewards: Random

_____________________

Han Xiao narrowed his eyes.

He was interested, as it was a chance to feel what it's like to be the bad guy.

I've got a few minutes, just enough time to play.

Han Xiao waited. Yang Dian, and Ned ran past the alley entrance. It took the duo 3 seconds to realize they passed him, then they ran back.

"It is you!" Yang Dian's face was stern. He had seen his power, and knew he'd be beaten in a few punches. But the thought of Han Xiao stealing the cure made him not back up.

Ned rubbed his hands. "Even though you saved us before, we can't let you steal the cure."

Cure? Damn, these guys really are stupid enough to help the Institute.

Ned's palms slapped the air, and the ground cracked.

Han Xiao leaped toward them.

Yang Dian gnashed his teeth, and swung a punch.

Bang!

Han Xiao's fist was like a lightning bolt, it impacted Yang Dian's chest. Yang Dian's vision went wobbly, and the scenery went past. He slammed into a wall, and a crater formed behind him.

A one-hit.

His power was even stronger than the lion. Yang Dian fell off the wall, and panted, as he stood up, leaning against the wall. A gust of wind shot, and Ned smashed the wall beside him, and fell to his feet with a huge bump on his forehead. All from a simple headbutt.

Not even three seconds... Yang Dian was sad, and angry. How are we supposed to fight someone like this?

Helplessness filled their hearts.

Han Xiao looked at the timer. He gave himself five minutes, but it'd only been ten seconds.

They were both Superhumans at level 30~, but with his strength, it was a piece of cake.

Han Xiao stepped toward them. Yang Dian struggled to his feet with a face of righteous anger. He clenched his teeth, and said, "Many people will die, because of this. I'll stop you no matter what!"

Han Xiao stopped. He had a mocking smile. "Dying a hero...other than dead flowers, empty words, and a few hypocritical tears, what else do you get?"

"What others see doesn't matter. I'm content with dying here!"

Yang Dian blinked. A hand grabbed his head, and he smashed into the wall, shattering bricks.

His head bled, and he lay flat on the ground. He didn't even have the strength to stand.

Han Xiao took out his handgun, and put it against Yang Dian's forehead.

Yang Dian came to his senses. Han Xiao stepped on his legs, and his finger placed on the trigger.

Yang Dian's eyes widened. Regret flooded his mind.

If I wasn't so meddlesome, I wouldn't've died. In front of such a strong foe, I couldn't stop him. It was impossible. I should've ignored this request. I was impulsive...

Ka!

Han Xiao pressed the trigger. Yang Dian's entire body shook, but there was no pain. He was shocked, Han Xiao backed a few steps. Cold sweat drenched his clothes, and he knew his expression was fearful, and regretful.

"What were you thinking I was gonna do?" Han Xiao asked.

Yang Dian kept silent. Facing death, his resolved shook. He wasn't as generous, or tough as he said. Instead, it was regret he felt, and he wished he didn't accept the request. Yet, he always wanted to be a superhero, he wanted to save people; he wanted to protect them, and sacrifice parts of himself for others.

Now, he felt lost.

Han Xiao put his handgun back into the holster, took out his laptop, pressed a few keys, and threw Yang Dian a thumbdrive.

Yang Dian, and Ned didn't move, or say a thing as he left.

Just like that, he left?

"Why didn't he finish us off?" Yang Dian held the thumb drive.

"We are no match for him. Don't follow him, instead we need to leave." Yang Dian held onto Ned, and he carried him, limping.

Another mission failure, the duo's were ashamed. They couldn't face Kate. They arrived at the Institute, and the military had already locked down the area. The duo didn't want to meet them, so they went back to where they rested, and bandaged their wounds.

Yang Dian kept thinking about what he said. He couldn't focus at all. He sat on his bed, and thoughts were filling his mind. His belief he was a superhero was shaken; there was a war in his mind.

Ned couldn't hold back his curiosity, and plugged the thumbdrive into the laptop.

"Yang, come here, and look at this!"
