Chapter 181: The Wicked Will Be Dealt With By The Wicked
Translator: Atlas Studios, Editor: Atlas Studios (Fan Editor+Linguistic: Catosc)

They were furious. They felt like he'd thought of them as foolish monkeys, and he'd fallen into their trap.

How dare he mess with us in our territory?

Kate stepped back, and adjusted his labcoat. "Don't move, you'll be turned into a pool of blood. But surrender, and we'll let you leave alive."

Han Xiao looked at the guns. The officials were watching through the cameras. The vents could release gas.

He issued a command.

"Launch virus."

The mech connected to a standby computer, and activated a virus within the intranet.

Their system fell without much effort, and he gained control in 3 seconds.

This wasn't some last-minute virus; he installed an anti-takeover program, to stop any outsiders from taking it over, along with the usual invading programs.

A map of the institute displayed on his HUD. He issued another command. The exhibition room's doors opened, the showcases slid out, and the guns on the ceilings retracted.

He already knew this place's security system. There are tightly-guarded warehouses with huge drug inventories, but it was too much to take. The exhibition room was just right.

The officials were horrified.

"What happened? We've lost control of the system!"

"Quick, take back control!"

The technician at the side was sweating. He tried to stop it, but commands wouldn't stop running in the terminal. Suddenly, his screen turned green, then black. It shut off. The technician exclaimed, "The speed of this program is too fast; it's impossible to stop it!"

"He planned this yesterday!"

Kate was stunned. He stared at Han Xiao, and fell to the ground. "I-I..."

Bang!

Smoke rose from a dent in the ground. It hit right between his legs.

Kate didn't dare to move.

"Don't move, and I'll let you live," Han Xiao mocked.

"O-Okay, calm down," Kate replied. His back drenched in cold sweat, he could only tremble.

Han Xiao broke the showcases, and put the vials inside his backpack. Soon, it was filled.

He patted his bag.

He had no intention of robbing the institute. However, Han Xiao didn't care about stealing from the wicked. Han Xiao, and them weren't good, so following the rules of the wicked was correct. The strong takes from the weak.

If anyone made Han Xiao unhappy, he wouldn't hesitate to take on old habits from his player days, and robbing whoever he felt. Furthermore, he was interested in the drugs. He liked to convince people of his virtue, but otherwise, he'd fight them.

He didn't like the idea of sacrificing yourself for others, and certainly wasn't a superhero. But he still liked the kind. A kind person was better than an evil person. Even evil would rather befriend the kind; it was worry-free. No back-stabbings.

However, the number was dwindling. A smile could have ulterior motives behind it. Loyal brothers may talk behind their backs. Betrayal was common, even between old friends.

Kind people were so rare, they'd be in zoos within 50 years. But the news would be a better term. The institute toyed with the duo, and it was because of these hypocrites that kind people lessened, society became worse off, and spiritual traditions collapsed.

Very often, perseverance was just the minimum of what one should do. Hard work was just for profit. So just like how they used Yang Dian, and Ned's passion, Han Xiao robbed them of their hard work.

An old saying appeared in Han Xiao's mind. "Karma will find it's way. Wickedness will be dealt with by the wicked."

"Looks like I'm wicked." Han Xiao laughed. An opportunity to do bad things without feeling guilty didn't come often.

Why spend money on someone he could rob from? He'd just change his face, and become a new customer anyway.

It wasn't time to see the fruits of his labor. He took his backpack, and walked to the elevator.

Kate's body was still unable to move. He sighed as Han Xiao left, but the fear still lingered in his mind.

The officials' hearts bled when they saw the drugs being stolen. One yelled, "Quickly, what can we do?!"

"Tell the electricians to cut off all electricity in the basement, and trap him there!"

"Call for Maple! We still have some guards, so gather them at the gate. We must stall him until the military arrives! Crush him!"

Han Xiao called the elevator as the lights shut off. He raised his eyebrows, and switched to night vision. As expected.

The muscle fiber's power gathered in his legs, and burst. The floor cracked, and the building shook as he shot through the ceiling.

Two floors up, and he landed in a hall. Tenty guards, gathered together. Han Xiao's way of climbing floors didn't give much time for them to react.

They were shocked by the mech's power.

"Stall the enemy! The rest of the guards will be here soon- f*ck!"

Han Xiao slammed the guards, and sent them flying. The guards couldn't slow him down as he broke out, and disappeared into the streets. The civilians only saw a blur of black go past them.

The officials were enraged, they were hoping the guards could stall him.

The drugs couldn't be retrieved, and their hearts bled. They were furious.

"When will the military arrive?"

"Ten minutes."

"That's too long! That asshole will be long gone! Is there any other way?"

Kate calmed himself, and said, "The duo is still in the city. I'll contact them now!"

"Hurry!"
