hapter 180: Robbery
Translator: Atlas Studios, Editor: Atlas Studios (Fan Editor, and the Blowey Kind: Catosc)


The next day, Kate came to Han Xiao's room carrying a suitcase. He placed the suitcase on the table, and patted it. "The drug's complete."

Han Xiao opened it, and a thick, white gas blew into his face. Inside was a crimson drug. He grabbed it, and info showed on the interface.

_____________________

Death Virus Enhancement Agent (Low Concentration - 3.5%): A drug made from a gene mutation virus. It has high stability with humans. Consumption affects: STR +1, DEX +1, chance to awaken [Extraordinary Physique].

Remarks: Although, it may look like menstruation, worry not, its taste is also like-

_____________________

Such low concentration, they gave me the lowest quality one. He closed the suitcase.

"I'm satisfied with this," Han Xiao said with a smile.

"I look forward to our next meeting," Kate replied.

"No need to look forward to it. I want to buy more; what's your stock?"

"We provide long-term supplies in bulk to organizations, and renowned customers. If it's a normal customer, however, especially of unknown origin, I'm afraid we can't. We hope you understand. We can sell to you if you prove your influx of money is enough."

Kate made it look like he wanted to agree, but couldn't, because of regulation. However, Han Xiao knew it was most likely to raise the price.

Han Xiao smiled. He adjusted his collar, and said, "Allow me to introduce myself, I'm an Executive Officer of Germinal, Heisenberg."

Kate was surprised.

Germinal Organization? Didn't they leave the Western Continent? Is this so-called Heisenberg guy secretly active, or lying?

"Forgive me, but your identity is very suspicious." Kate took two steps back, and grabbed the alarm in his pocket. He's trigger it if he tried anything.

"No need to be nervous...give me a moment." Han Xiao went in the bathroom.

Why is he going to the toilet? Han Xiao walked out in Viper. The highly advanced mech gave Kate a shock.

"Wha-what are you...?"

Han Xiao swung his arms, and said, "This is the latest mech invented by Germinal. If your eyes are functional, you can see it's advanced tech. Even the labs of the Six Nations doesn't have these. You don't have to worry; this is a secret project of our organization, and it should prove my identity."

Kate's mouth was open, he felt something was off. "But..."

"I'm aware. There's no Germinal stamp on the mech. Times are tough, and it's very dangerous to have a high profile. I've been given full responsibility in this matter, so if you wish to contact a my officials... Sorry, but your position doesn't warrant that," Han Xiao said. He almost believed it himself.

Kate hesitated. "I need to discuss this with the others."

He sat on the far couch, and opened his laptop. The lab supervisors were surprised by Han Xiao's origins.

"There's no proof, so we can't trust him."

"Do you want him to shout 'I'm from Germinal' everywhere he goes? I think, there's no need for him to lie. We will know the truth when we trade, anyway."

"Makes sense."

"But cooperating with them is dangerous..."

Han Xiao cut in, "Any trade we make will be confidential. As long as we don't tell a soul, no one will know. We may give financial support for new divisions in Andrea."

Their eyes brightened. Andrea was radiation-covered, and many flora, and fauna mutated. They had heard about the generosity of Germinal, but the Maple government was corrupt, and they just about had enough. It seemed like a good plan.

Even if they didn't move, an Andrea research division was a good idea.

"Shall we?"

"Bring him to the exhibition room."

The discussion ended. Kate said, "We accept the deal, Heisenberg. Please, follow me. I'll show you the results of our research."

Han Xiao nodded. He followed Kate into the elevator, and descended two floors.

The drug exhibition room looked like cold storage from outside. Kate entered a password into the keypad, and the doors slid open. Showcases were on the walls, filled with drugs of various colors. All the drugs were finished with varying concentration.

"These are the products in our institute. Which one do you want?" Kate asked.

Han Xiao looked around, and said, "All of them. Money isn't an issue, as long as your stock is enough."

Joy filled the officials' faces, watching through the camera. Such a large order...

Han Xiao raised his eyebrows. "But I will have to verify their effects first."

Kate opened a showcase, took out a drug, and gave it to him. Han Xiao read the interface. It was a temporary enhancement drug; it granted +3 Endurance for three minutes.

After making sure all were real, Han Xiao said, "I will need it all in bulk."

Kate received commands through an earpiece. He took out his laptop, and opened the price page. "We have enough inventory. After making the payment, these things will be yours."

Han Xiao narrowed his eyes. "I will only make the payment when I see the products."

"Don't worry, we're just a small organization. We wouldn't have the guts to go against Germinal, so we won't go back on our word. Besides, this is insignificant money for your organization," Kate said with a smile.

Seems like this is as far as I can get. Han Xiao's eyes flashed. He placed the gun on Kate's forehead, and said, "Here's the payment."

Pa!

The laptop hit the ground.

The gun's muzzle made Kate tremble. "You're a fake!"

Han Xiao didn't reply. He shot at the showcase. The glass was bulletproof; it cracked, but didn't shatter.

In the surveillance room, the officials were shocked.

"He wants to take our products!"

"Lucky we have the security systems!"

The exhibition room's door shut, and the showcases slid into the wall. The room was empty, and the ceiling moved. Three rows of guns uncovered.

An official spoke through a speaker.

"Unexpected, right? We were suspicious of you from the beginning. Now, your life is under our control, and you can't escape. With a press of a button, you will die, and unless you wish to know how long it will takes to turn you into a pile of gore, drop the guns, take off the mech, and get on your knees. Then you can tell us who sent you."
