Chapter 175: Beast King
Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios (Fan Editor: Catosc)


On the far side of the forbidden zone, Han Xiao arrived. The air wafted with a rot, and poison, and the plants were mutated beyond recognition.

It's spawn region's a bit huge. I can't know where it is, unless I put in a bit of work.

Han Xiao opened the metal suitcase, and put on Viper. His vision zoomed in, and out, and compiled data from the scanner modules, providing detailed info on his surroundings. The radar at the top left detected a few signs of life within the radius of 500 meters. At a high energy output, it could search 1,500 meters.

The scanners analyzed environmental data, the tiny traces of life, and stored unknown data in the database for future use. The filtration device cleared the air he breathed, and the thermostat made the suit very comfortable. He even installed firearms, and grenades, fixed in their respective slots.

Han Xiao familiarized himself with the controls, swinging his arm, and walking. Then he ran, and each step covered ten meters.

In standby mode, it used less energy than generated, and the radar was active at all times. If it detected any strong vitals, it was possibly the Beast King, whichever species it may've spawned as.

After five minutes, a dozen vital signs popped up on the radar. Han Xiao gave it a command, and his view zoomed in. The suit's current mode didn't connect to the nerves, but the chip had voice identification, and analysis.

300 meters away, an untamed species of giraffe-necked creatures with fearsome bone spurs raised their heads, and stared at Han Xiao. They noticed him.

Stealth Mode.

Optical Camouflage activated, and the mechanical suit took on the color of the surroundings, like a chameleon. The gaps closed up, not letting any scent.

The creatures looked in every direction, but could not find him, so they laid down.

These beasts were far from the level required to see through his camouflage, so Han Xiao ran past them, and continued his search.

Two hours went by, and he scanned dozens of mutated flora, and fauna. He also fought beasts with varying strength to determine the Beast King's potential vital sign strength. The strongest of which were a pack of wolf-like beasts, each at LV 42.

The sun set, and howling filled the night.

If he wasn't in his mechanical suit, night would've been dangerous, but Viper's stealth was better by night. It suppressed all sound, and scent, he was as inconspicuous as a rock.

Yet to find the target, Han Xiao thought. He leaned against a boulder, and loaded bullets into a clip. His visor switched to night vision. The center of the zone, The Ruins of La Potter, was infested with beasts, so the Beast King was more likely to spawn.

Han Xiao said something, and the armor around his calves opened. Inside was a small compartment with Spider Detectors. He pressed buttons on their backs, and spread them out, the images of which displayed in his goggles.

After a bit, the situation of the center was clear, filled with many ferocious beasts.

Spider Detector No.1 shook, and a loud boom resounded. The beasts ran in it's direction.

Spider Detector No.1 climbed a boar, and went along. Two Superhumans were running for their lives. One shot white shockwaves from his hands, throwing beasts one after another. However, the sound attracted more. A vicious cycle.

Others entered the forbidden zone? Han Xiao raised his eyebrows.

A white lion, ten meters long, appeared, and all the other beasts cowered out of it's way.

That was it. The Beast King.

...

Yang Dian, and Ned ran so much their lungs burned. Chasing were more than a hundred mutated beasts, lead by a massive lion.

"All because of your attack, we've attracted all these beasts!" Yang Dian yelled, and clenched his teeth.

"Shut up! If not for your carelessness, we would've avoided those wolves! Stop complaining, what should we do now?" Ned asked as he threw another shockwave, knocking back a few more beasts.

Yang Dian took out his laptop, and checked the map, "We're heading towards the center. We need to change direction now!"

They turned, and the lion chased close behind. Ned's shockwaves only stopped it for second, it barely made a difference. Ned was sweating; he was running out of energy.

A rock wall appeared ahead, and there was a gap in the wall that could fit a human.

"Quick! Inside!" Their anxiety relieved.

But a huge shadow came over them at a fast pace. Ned turned around. The white lion pounced. Wind shot forward, and Ned could barely hold open his eyes.

"Go first!" Yang Dian yelled, and pushed Ned ahead. Blue flames ran along his arm, and he punched at the claw.

He was a Pugilist with a stronger physique, and endurance than Ned, so he was confident.

Fist, and claw clashed.

Bones snapped, as clear as day; Yan Dian's arm fractured, and a few of his ribs broke. He threw up blood, and flung aside, like a pebble.

Ned grabbed him, and slid into the gap, as the claws slammed the wall. They almost didn't make it.

"Such strong raw power!" Yan Dian's face twitched from the pain. A Pugilist like him was injured by just one hit; the lion's strength was unheard of.

Ned was shocked. He knew the extent of Yan Dian's power.

They wouldn't survive this.

The beasts slashed, and pounded the cliff-side, this gap was the only thing holding them back.

Fortunately, the beasts couldn't enter. They kept scratching, their heartbeat quickened every noise the beasts made.

Yang Dian pulled out bandages, and ointment. The struggle they'd face could very well be their last, thus, he recovered as quick as possible, as well as Ned. All they wished was to make it through this.

The scratching stopped. The beasts ran at each other, the white lion growled, and killed the other beasts. They were turning against each other. Blood sprayed, and splashed, and the growling reduced to just one.
