Chapter 178: Fermentation
Translator: Atlas Studios, Editor: Atlas Studios (Fan Editor+Professional Extrapolator: Catosc)

--Stardragon's Western Capital, Division 13 Headquarters--

The Vice-Chairman, Gu Hui, and all of Division 13's leaders gathered in the meeting room. Gu Hui pressed a button under the table, and the doors, and windows shut. Full-iron covering all exits, with all surveillance shut off.

Gu Hui looked serious. He distributed the documents to everyone. On the documents were authorization stamps given by top officials, meaning they were confidential. The Inhuman Observation Files.

"Five days from now, rumors of the existence of these Inhumans spread on the Dark Net. After an investigation, they were confirmed to exist. These Inhumans appeared in every continent, spreading like a virus, and their origins are unknown."

"The information on the Dark Net list their characteristics as such," Their info on players was similar in scope to Germinal's info. They knew the players disappeared without warning, were immortal, and one last point. "In our observations, their average strength is low. Thus, their threat is minor."

"If we don't suppress it, this could spread, and cause a disaster," one person said.

Gu Hui nodded. "The top officials have given a command. Contact is our priority."

"About the expedition...an army has been prepared, and our supplies are in check. We can head to Andrea at any time."

"Our superiors have come to an agreement with the other nations, we will halt the expedition. We must first understand these Inhumans; it is a higher potential threat." Gu Hui Knocked the table, he looked at everyone, and said, "Get some Inhumans on our side. Be friendly."

"Agents are undercover in Andrea. Should we call them back?", the Head of Field Operations asked.

"No need, they will gain more intelligence. We have enough manpower as is," Gu Hui said. "When we have a conclusion, the officials may even seek helps from the Galactic Civilizations."

...

As the players increased in level, their actions attracted the attention of the organizations. The Six Nations, Vagrants, Dark Net, and most large financial organizations were paying attention to the Inhumans. They sent people to contact them, varying in approach. Some friendly, some not, but the exception was Germinal. They captured swaths of players in Andrea, forcing beginner players out of novice villages.

For players, which organization they joined wouldn't make a difference, but they'd resist if forced. Germinal left a bad impression on players, and for the captured, they had to accept their fate.

Players in Andrea had a tough time. Their game experience was poor, but it made players very curious. Why were these NPCs surprised about their existence? These acted like real people would.

More organizations contacted players. The players made guesses about the situation, and the topic soon became the most popular on the forum.

Only happening on Aquamarine, many players visited the Aquamarine site, making it the most visited planet site of all novice planets.

There were hundreds of posts a second; it's popularity was astonishing.

All kinds of speculations popped up. The most accepted theory was the Electrolux theory, but the game developers didn't give a response. Players could only guess, many of which were out there.

"We purposely reincarnated to conquer a new world for our gods, serial number A12651 reporting for duty!"

"Bullshit, we're Earth's army, conquering alternative dimensions. Our mission is an honorable one."

"798 Space Fleet of the Earth Association. Commander Blacky is ready for deployment. Victory to Earth!"

"You're all wrong. Our earth is an illusion, and this is the real reality."

"You youngsters are far too naive. This is all part of the Elde's schemes!"

"This marks the first step to Skynet's take-over. One day, our minds will be locked in the game."

"Hail Hydra!"

"Commenter above is in the wrong universe!"

"Sigh, I'm a retired soldier of the 1999 clan wars. Thinking of it now, that was a dark age."

"Grandpapi sure has a strong body, playing Full Dive VR games into his later years."

The ridiculous speculations became a joke that trended on the forum.

Organizations contacting players was beneficial. It was easier for players to pick a faction to join...except for players in Andrea who were being captured.

Han Xiao followed the situation. He had info from both the Dark Net, and the forum, both the NPCs, and players. Combined, he had more than both.

And the mindset of both were very different. The organizations were serious, while the players were having fun.

Interesting.

The influence of the Inhumans was growing as the organizations found more info about the players. And the pros should've gotten opportunities by now.

Aquamarine was China's base, so there would've been some meeting an opportunity unlike others'. The storyline was on the right path.

Han Xiao rushed to Maple, as the mission was timed.

Louis Research Institution was in Kaylos city. It wasn't near the border, so Han Xiao had to travel two days by car after being smuggled in.

Maple felt lifeless. It's rigid political system, uneven wealth distribution. Resources were tightly controlled by politicians, and the lower class had limited opportunities to gain wealth. "Barely living. Just waiting 'til death," was the best way to describe Maple citizens.

Long-faced pedestrians passed by. Han Xiao rubbed his face, looking at the light grey roads, filled with potholes, and cracks. He felt such a handsome face like his didn't fit in with the state of these people...and their faces.

Han Xiao changed his face again, and put on spectacles. Nobody would recognize him now.

Louis Research Institution building was a silver sky-scraper. The people inside wore white labcoats, probably worried others didn't know they were doing important technological research.

A lady walked to Han Xiao with a well-mannered smile.

"Hi, do you wish for an introduction to the business scope of Louis Group Companies?"

Han Xiao raised the metal suitcase, and said, "I have the heart of a Death Virus infected. One of your researchers may be interested."

"Please wait a moment, I'll inform a superior." The receptionist brought him to a sofa, and left.

Louis Research Institution accepted outside research projects, so there were always customers coming in.

Han Xiao scanned the hall. It was built like a sphere, it looked like a hotel hall.

After a bit, two people covered in bandages walked in. Han Xiao raised his head, the smell of blood. It was the not so superhero duo he met in the Forbidden Zone.

They were searching for an exploration team. So the team was from Louis Research Institution.

Looks like they failed.

Han Xiao raised his brows, but stayed put. They wouldn't recognize him.
